PocketBridge 0.6.2 verification, 4 October 2026

- Mac: pnpm test, 61 passed. New: Open in Claude Desktop opens claude://resume for a
  finished Claude chat and refuses drafts, running turns and Codex chats.
- Android: assembleDebug, testDebugUnitTest and lintDebug passed; 103 JVM tests, 0
  lint errors.
- Real check on this Mac: opening claude://resume?session=<chat id> for an existing
  PocketBridge Claude chat added it to Claude Desktop (2.19675) as
  local_<chat id> with the same CLI session id and folder. Desktop chose its own
  permission mode (Accept edits).
- Not tested: the phone menu item on a device, and taking turns between Desktop
  and PocketBridge on one session.

PocketBridge 0.6.1 bug pass, 3 October 2026

REVIEW
- Four read-only reviews: GPT-6-Sol (xhigh, Codex CLI) on the Mac service and on the
  Android data and alerts layer; Claude agents on the Android screens and the Mac
  browser client plus docs. 13 service, 6 Android data, 11 Android UI and 10 browser
  findings, plus 7 stale doc statements. Each was checked against the code before
  fixing. GPT-6-Sol then reviewed both fix diffs and found 4 service and 4 Android
  follow-up problems (a steer that could land in a later Codex turn, unanswered
  Codex steers paired with an older reply, a skill cache that never expired, repo
  paths ending in spaces, a second approval while a chat stays waiting, retry
  buttons for already-answered approvals, notifications coming back after alerts
  were turned off, a dead upload id after a crash). All are fixed.

AUTOMATED CHECKS
- Mac: pnpm test, 60 passed. New cases: a prompt body split inside an emoji, steer
  vs Send now under one prompt id, effort checked on a model change, a steer Claude
  discards, a Codex steer lost when Codex exits (reported, never re-run), "/"
  skills before any listing, Codex continue with its last reply, unanswered
  sessions, unicode and empty files in the git line, duplicate command names,
  crash recovery ending turns and sub-agents, and tool results across a steer.
- Android: assembleDebug, testDebugUnitTest and lintDebug passed; 103 JVM tests,
  lint 0 errors. Signed assembleRelease and lintRelease 0.6.1 (versionCode 8), same
  certificate.

EMULATOR CHECKS (demo service on 8788)
- Cold start, project and chat lists, a Codex turn steered mid-step ("Noted: Use
  staging too"), the result card staying with its command after the steer, and an
  idle-chat send going out as a normal turn. Send now was not reached in time on
  the emulator this round; the service tests cover it for both agents.
- Not tested: physical phone, alert actions on a device, the lost-upload retry.

DEPLOYMENT
- Live service upgraded with no chat running; database backed up
  (data.sqlite.before-0.6.1). Health, agents and the APK download answered.
  PocketBridge.apk and releases/PocketBridge-0.6.1.apk SHA-256
  3a9218a96501873b337747d6c88b65704486d8580bd8c6fcd5d5d3f7eda40802.

PocketBridge 0.6.0 verification, 3 October 2026

AUTOMATED CHECKS
- Mac: pnpm test, 56 passed (38 service, 18 browser helper). New cases use the fake
  Claude and Codex CLIs: image uploads (type sniffing, 5 MB limit, stale cleanup,
  image-only prompts titled "Screenshot"), steer and Send now on both agents including
  steers sent before Codex's turn starts, steers the CLI never echoes, background
  sub-agents holding the turn open while background shells don't, sub-agent model,
  effort, activity and status, turn start and end times, git counts against HEAD with
  new files and a project folder nested in a larger repository, "/" commands and Codex
  skills, continuing a Claude or Codex session once under concurrent requests, foreign
  Codex thread events, the status-only event stream, and odd CLI output that once
  crashed the service.
- An independent review of the 0.6 service found ten bugs (background count, unechoed
  steers holding a run open, foreign Codex events, interrupt while waiting, unguarded
  close handler, steers after exit, duplicate continues, sessions from other folders,
  blocking git on large trees, upload size). All are fixed with regression tests.
- Android: assembleDebug, testDebugUnitTest and lintDebug passed; 97 JVM tests. Lint:
  no errors, 14 warnings (Gradle and dependency versions, KTX style). Signed
  assembleRelease 0.6.0 (versionCode 7) uses the same certificate as 0.5.0.

REAL CLI CHECKS (isolated services in scratch folders, never the 8787 service)
- Claude (Haiku 4.5): read an attached PNG, took a steer mid-turn, Send now stopped
  the running step and ran the new message next, and a background sub-agent showed
  its model, activity and completion.
- Codex (GPT-6-Luna, low): read an attached image, steered and interrupted a running
  turn after the turn-start fix, and reported context use. Test threads were archived
  and Claude test sessions moved out of ~/.claude/projects afterwards.

EMULATOR CHECKS (Android 16 AVD, demo service on 8788 with scripted CLIs)
- Photo picker and share sheet attach images; thumbnails, removal, failed uploads and
  the full-screen viewer. Image-only and mixed prompts on Claude and Codex.
- A running turn shows Steer with a menu offering Send now; steered messages are
  labelled. "/" lists commands and filters as you type. Git line shows branch, +8 −2
  and 3 files. Sub-agent cards show title, type, model, effort, activity and time.
  Turns show "Worked 1m 18s". "On your Mac" lists Terminal and Codex sessions and
  Continue opens a new chat. Alerts while closed: working, needs your answer with
  Allow and Deny, done. Light, dark and 1.3x font scale.
- Not tested: pinch zoom in the viewer, the Live Update status chip, and anything on a
  physical phone (Tailscale, real share targets, notification permissions on One UI).

DEPLOYMENT
- Live service upgraded with no chat running; database backed up first. Health,
  agents, usage, git and Mac sessions answered. PocketBridge.apk and
  releases/PocketBridge-0.6.0.apk SHA-256
  e22611c28c908d06d573031260b436991797a65e7ef35db7dcc05955e6311e41.

PocketBridge 0.5.0 verification, 3 October 2026

AUTOMATED CHECKS
- Mac: pnpm test, 42 passed. Agent switches: off persists across restart, blocks new chats
  and prompts with 409, skips probes, usage and discovery, and turning on resumes them. New cases use fake Claude and Codex CLIs: usage endpoints,
  context recording, legacy-client effort rules, shutdown during a catalog wait, catalog
  handshakes (no "default" entry, no account details, hidden Codex models left out,
  per-model effort validation, catalog kept across restart), Codex first turn, resume
  by thread id, out-of-order tool results paired by id, Codex failure and Stop, Claude
  tool-result ids, plain-text previews, gzip, and Codex session discovery that skips
  subagent threads and Codex desktop task folders.
- Android: assembleDebug, testDebugUnitTest and lintDebug passed; 79 JVM tests, including the new-chat agent choice under switches,
  catalog option resolution and mode mapping, usage parsing, model tiers, the code
  highlighter and Markdown alignment. Signed assembleRelease and lintRelease: no errors.
- An independent review of the 0.5 changes found five bugs (shutdown race, catalog wait
  longer than client timeouts, 0.4.1 effort rejection, locked browser draft after a
  rejection, agent switch widening the permission mode). All are fixed and tested.

REAL CLI CHECKS (isolated service, temporary data, never the 8787 service)
- Claude Code 2.1.285 initialize handshake listed 11 models (Opus 5.5 default,
  Fable 5.1, Sonnet 5.5, Haiku 4.5 and older versions) with effort levels, in about
  1.2s and without starting a turn. Default effort followed effortLevel "high".
- Codex 0.157.1 app-server listed 7 visible models; GPT-6-Astra became the default
  because the configured gpt-6.1-sol is not in the list. Configured effort xhigh kept.
- One real Codex turn on GPT-6-Luna (low, Auto) ran `pwd`, replied, and a second
  prompt resumed the same thread and remembered the first reply. The test thread was
  archived in Codex afterwards.

EMULATOR CHECKS (Android 16 AVD, demo service on 8788 with scripted CLIs)
- New chat shows Opus 5.5 / High / Bypass under the message field with no extra panel.
  The model sheet lists Claude and Codex models by name; picking GPT-6-Astra switched
  the draft to Codex and the mode menu offered Bypass permissions, Auto and Read only.
- A Codex turn showed "Working · 15s" with the running command, then the reply,
  grouped steps and Copy. Reopening New chat kept the last agent and model.
- Back gesture from the left edge scaled the page with the finger and returned to the
  project's chats. No back buttons remain. Light and dark themes, 1.0 and 1.3 font
  scales, question cards, Settings and the chat list with previews were checked.
- Mac browser client: model/effort/mode pills, agent groups for unsent chats, a Codex
  turn, Copy, rename and delete buttons.

REDESIGN (separate UI agent using the material-3, ui-android and Chris Banes compose skills)
- Emulator screenshots in light, dark and 1.3x font: projects with Active and usage ring,
  usage sheet, chats, composer, model panel (half height, older versions, Claude/Codex
  switch), effort and mode menus, format reply (highlighted code, diff, aligned table),
  working line, question card, settings. The unconfirmed delivery row was not captured.
- The signed release APK installed over the debug build on the emulator and opened.
- Switches on the emulator: Settings toggled Codex off and usage showed only Claude; a
  saved Codex chat showed "Codex is off" with Turn on, which restored it; with Codex off a
  new chat's model panel listed only Claude.

DEPLOYMENT
- The live Mac service was idle and restarted with 0.5.0. Claude (11 models) and Codex
  (7 models) report available; the three existing chats are unchanged; Codex discovery
  raised projects from 11 to 21. /api/usage answers with real plan data. The Mac's
  /PocketBridge.apk serves the 0.5.0 release, SHA256
  d7b2f234ab36a27eb87c36f94d290f1f285008ad5243cd2b788fe4e3cfda55f7.

Physical S25 Ultra checks were not run in this pass.

PocketBridge 0.4.1 repeated-use verification, 3 October 2026

AUTOMATED CHECKS
- Mac: pnpm test, 30 passed, zero failures.
- Android: signed assembleRelease, testDebugUnitTest and lintRelease passed.
  50 JVM tests, zero failures/errors.
- New Mac regression: 60 first/resumed turns across ten chats, three simultaneous
  requests per delivery. Exactly 60 acceptances, 120 duplicate acknowledgements,
  60 CLI executions and 60 user messages. Conflicting retry options return 409;
  ten deletions reject late first prompts with 410 and leave no managed chats.
- A separate subagent stress harness repeated 180 requests / 60 turns using an
  isolated fake CLI and temporary database. No duplicate executions occurred.
- Android regressions cover multiple typed drafts, blank exclusion, pending
  first-prompt visibility, project filtering/server deduplication and confirmed
  deletion persistence. SharedPreferences failure tests model in-memory mutation
  even when commit reports failure; no disk rollback guarantee is claimed.

NATIVE AND REAL CLAUDE CHECKS
Android 16 ARM64 emulator; isolated service on 8799 and the official Claude CLI
2.1.285. The production service, pairing and chats were not used for test mutations.
- Before the fix, a typed first-chat draft disappeared from Recent chats after
  Back. The corrected APK recovered that existing 0.4 draft with its text intact.
- Opening and leaving an untouched blank chat added no recent row or server chat.
- Sonnet / Low / Bypass ran a command once after native Retry; the phone was
  force-stopped while the Mac worked. The proof file contains exactly one line.
- Haiku / Default / Bypass read the proof without editing it. The native options
  survived application restart; Haiku did not retain an unsupported effort level.
- Manual mode displayed the Bash approval. Allow started a delayed write; native
  Stop interrupted it before the marker file was written.

- Two typed drafts had distinct previews and survived Back/project navigation and
  app restart. With the Mac unavailable, local deletion immediately removed its
  row while retaining the sibling draft.
- Two unconfirmed first prompts remained reachable from Recent chats. One was
  force-stopped, reopened from the list with its original text and Retry, then
  retried after the Mac had accepted it. Exactly one saved delivery and one user
  message remained; the existing reply was not executed again.
- A saved chat was deleted through the native confirmation dialog. After force-stop
  and reopening, it remained absent and no pending Retry state returned.
- After installing the final source fixture, another saved chat was deleted.
  The Mac test service was paused before Android restarted; its cached list
  kept that chat removed and retained the sibling draft without a fresh snapshot.
- Recovery fixes were exercised in a versionCode4 fixture containing the 0.4.1
  source, preserving the installed app's data for the later public upgrade test.

INDEPENDENT REVIEW AND FIXES
Cursor Grok subagents ran backend concurrency tests, reviewed Android recovery
paths and implemented the draft/deletion fixes. Root review caught a missing
Compose invalidation for offline deletion and misleading blank preview titles;
these were corrected and verified with the expanded Android test suite.

The final independent GPT-5.5 review found a stale cached-list deletion window.
The fix serializes deletion with snapshot reconciliation and removes the cached
row, matching selection and delivery state in one durable preferences commit.
A regression checks committed state after reload, sibling preservation and
malformed disposable-cache handling. GPT-5.5 verdict pass: disposition ship for
the scored deletion fix, no introduced regressions found in its allowed scope.
The earlier visual review matched typed/pending draft rows and dark/large text.
A fresh Cursor Grok documenter checked the native source and design system;
no additional system changes were needed. Existing tokens remained unchanged.
PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION
- GitHub push and signed-release workflows both passed on source fdd9c2b.
  30 Mac tests, 50 Android tests, debug/release builds and lint passed.
- Published v0.4.1 APK: dev.pocketbridge, versionCode5, target API36,
  non-debuggable, original signing certificate retained. SHA256:
  824c1463fb9918de3a9c18c09fdd86832cbbb0b6f6ce0036981f11f06bb41c0a
- The Mac's APK was updated atomically to those exact GitHub bytes; its served
  download has the same checksum. Production health is OK, 11 project folders
  and three managed chats preserved; the production service was not restarted.
- Native Settings found public version0.4.1 and downloaded it without GitHub login.
  SHA256/package/signer verification passed. Android's native installer updated
  the app to0.4.1. It reopened Connected with pairing retained, and Settings
  reported the latest version. The recovered typed draft and deleted-chat state
  also survived that public APK update. No uninstall/data clearing was used.

The checks above used an emulator, not an attached physical S25 Ultra. Existing
0.4 phone installs can use Settings or install the public APK in place. Never
uninstall first. The full earlier0.4 verification remains below for context.

PocketBridge 0.4.0 verification, 3 October 2026

AUTOMATED CHECKS
- Mac: pnpm test, 29 passed, zero failures.
- Android: signed assembleRelease, testDebugUnitTest and lintRelease passed.
  44 JVM tests, zero failures/errors. Debug build/lint also passed during development.
- New checks cover project metadata discovery (no conversation import), busy/older
  folders, malformed indexes, stable registration, atomic first prompt, immutable
  model/effort options, rename, active deletion rejection and deleted-chat tombstones.
- Android checks cover pending-prompt compatibility, project ordering and Latest's
  seven-day window, release selection, update host boundaries and bounded streaming.
- Existing delivery, HTTP/SSE cancellation, single-attempt mutations, reconnect,
  shutdown/crash recovery, question state and Markdown checks remain passing.

NATIVE AND REAL CLAUDE CHECKS THIS PASS
Android 16 ARM64 phone emulator, native signed release source. Isolated service on
port 8799, separate test data; official Claude CLI 2.1.285 with subscription login.
- Pairing survived signed APK updates. No data clearing or uninstall was used.
- Latest showed the current folder; All also showed an old and unused folder.
  Newest/Oldest sorting was exercised. Older Claude conversations were not imported.
- Opening and leaving an empty new chat left the server's chat count unchanged.
- Compact Options selectors applied Opus, High effort and Bypass permissions;
  values survived system dark-mode/font-scale recreation. Haiku resets effort.
- A prompt sent from Android created its first saved chat, invoked Opus 5.5 on
  the Mac and wrote POCKETBRIDGE_V4 to proof-v4.txt. Contents were checked on disk.
  Native streamed replies rendered bullets, fenced code and a scrollable table.
- Long press opened Rename/Delete; renaming updated the native list. Delete required
  confirmation. Late sends to deleted chats are rejected rather than recreated.
- Phone captures checked light appearance and dark at 1.3 font scale, with IME.
  The fixed composer and all option selectors/Apply remained visible and usable.
- Public GitHub update check worked without a GitHub account.
- A copy of the production SQLite database migrated successfully, preserving all
  three managed chats, paired tokens and messages. Discovery added folders only.
- Settings downloaded the public GitHub APK and verified its SHA256/package/signer.
  Android's unknown-source screen was dismissed once: the app returned normally,
  without opening a permission loop. After allowing installs, the native installer
  updated the app to 0.4.0. It reopened Connected with pairing retained. This used
  an older-version fixture containing the new updater, since ordinary 0.3 has none.
- GitHub push and signed-release workflows both passed on source commit c60d8ab.
  Debug/release builds, 44 Android tests, debug/release lint and 29 Mac tests passed.
  The published APK is versionCode 4, package dev.pocketbridge, non-debuggable,
  and signed with the original certificate. SHA256:
  ce143949a9dc1407de4540295f97e38f90aee768869248777ce17650e16891be
- Production SQLite was backed up before an idle graceful LaunchAgent restart.
  The updated Mac service exposes 11 folders and preserves three managed chats
  and paired tokens. Private Tailscale HTTPS works; Funnel is disabled. Keep-awake
  remains enabled. The Mac download link now serves the verified GitHub APK.

INDEPENDENT REVIEW
GPT-5.5 High implemented the Android extension. Cursor Grok reviewed/implemented
Mac changes. A separate fresh Grok backend review found no material defects.
Fresh GPT-5.5 native Impeccable finish review: ship, no material fixes.
Native source/lint/captures were used; no HTML/CSS detector ran on Kotlin. A separate
fresh documenter reconciled the existing design documentation with the new controls.

EARLIER CHECKS RETAINED
The 0.3 pass exercised real Claude Stop, phone-closed execution, question answers,
uncertain delivery, duplicate acknowledgement and automatic reconnect. These
unchanged paths retain their automated checks; the full real-provider exercise was
not repeated. The user reported pairing and sign-in working on their physical S25
Ultra with 0.3. This 0.4 pass uses an emulator, not an attached physical Samsung.

REPRODUCE
Mac: cd mac && pnpm test
Android: cd android && ./gradlew assembleDebug testDebugUnitTest lintDebug
Signed release: POCKETBRIDGE_SIGNING_KEY="$HOME/.android/debug.keystore" \
  ./gradlew assembleRelease lintRelease
Use Android Studio's JDK 21 and Android SDK platform/build tools 36.

DISTRIBUTION AND LIMITS
Public source and signed APKs: https://github.com/20ns/pocketbridge
Release assets include SHA256. Updates retain the original persistent certificate
and package name. Credentials, databases, signing keys and private captures remain
ignored. The APK is non-debuggable and intended for personal sideloading.

Keep the Mac logged in, awake, plugged in and lid open. Android update installation
requires the system's confirmation. Real Samsung roaming/performance and physical
0.4 installation still need the user's phone trial. Mac logout/FileVault, closed
lid and battery-only sleep are outside the agreed operating setup. Markdown is a
practical subset, not a complete CommonMark engine. Stop cannot undo edits or stop
explicitly detached process groups. Questions have a 24-hour waiting ceiling.
Provider login, model availability, subscription limits and Tailscale renewal are
independent of saved PocketBridge pairing; no account-ban guarantee is claimed.
